Podar International School, Kalyan                                                                                                                       2017
10th Board ICSE (92.2%) 
Dhealth Foundation
Software Developer, Intern
Dhealth File System(DHFS)- A decentralized file storage system.
Feb 2022 - July 2022
EDUCATION
Aditya Nair
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Pace Science Junior College, Powai                                                                                                                     2019
12th Board HSC (68.5%) 
Maharashtra Institute of Technology, Pune                                                                                                        2023
 Btech in Computer Science and Technology (CGPA: 8.03)
Built a file storage system on the Dhealth Blockchain.
Used IPFS (Interplanetary File System) to store file data and tracked content ID (CID) returned by IPFS
for every file using the blockchain.
Announced 0 fee transactions on the blockchain with the CID as its message payload to track the files.
Users could log in to their wallets using a mnemonic and upload, download, and share files.
Leveraged knowledge in git for version control, nodeJS for the backend, and reactJS for the web app 
Performed data migration from raw Excel sheet to Cosmos DB for MongoDB in Azure.
Redesigned database schema to eliminate redundancy and reduce the storage cost by 80%. 
Implemented Google login in the existing authentication system using Next-Auth. 
Worked with AWS CDK and Serverless to use infrastructure as Code(IAC) to configure tests and deploy
resources. 
Worked with GitHub Actions and Azure App Service to set up an isolated development environment.
Leveraged knowledge in AWS and Azure for cloud infrastructure, git for version control and automation,
nodeJS for the backend, and NextJs for web tooling.   
Wyzr                   
Software Developer, Intern                                                                                                       Sept 2022-Mar 2023
SOFTWARE PROJECTS
Motion: A project management tool
Developed a web app using ReactJS and NodeJS that allows coordinators to manage students and
guides to conduct mini-project coursework at our university smoothly.
Features include student/guide data upload, authentication(cookies+OTP) , project idea proposal, time
scheduling of presentation, commit and task tracking. 
Leveraged knowledge of git for version control, Reactjs for frontend, and MongoDB(mongoose) for
database and express for APIs
MeetScript: A meet transcriber webapp [https://github.com/AdityaSolanki189/meet-transcriber-webapp]
Developed a web app that allows users to log in, make a group, and generate a transcription of the virtual
group meeting.
After the group is formed, the group admin can start the voice recording of the meeting. Voice data from
all participants is taken as input and once the meeting ends, the transcription of the meeting according
to the time stamp is available. 
Transcription of the user meetings is stored in the database and can be accessed anytime. 
Leveraged the use of browser speech-to-text API to generate the transcription and stored it in the
database in real-time. 
Utilized ReactJS, Firebase(Cloud Storage), and WebSpeech API.   
adityanair102001@gmail.com
+91-9372425403
https://github.com/AdityaNair102001
ACHIEVEMENTS
Runner up at CodeBreak 4.0 2023- a national-level hackathon where we developed an efficient solution
for the management of spare parts for Ashok Leyland. 
Global rank 40 in Codechef lunchtime challenge-EXUN 2021-22
Won the best major project award for Motion in Btech. 
TECHNOLOGY
Languages: Typescript/Javascript, JAVA, C++ 
Frameworks/Libraries: ExpressJS, ReactJS, NextJS, Mongoose, Android SDK
Database: MongoDB, DynamoDB, CosmosDB, MYSQL
Cloud: AWS, AZURE, GCP, Serverless 
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
